# Team name To be detirmed 
We are group 1, but we go by Hover Change. If you need to talk to us, you can talk to our project leader Gabriel. Our idea of the load is to charge a drone.  We have locker 6.

## Goal
In this CBL, teams of 7-10 students will embark on a comprehensive journey encompassing the design, construction, and testing of a wireless energy transfer system. Within this project, students will engage in the designing power electronic converters, transformers and inductors, energy flow control mechanisms, and tackle real-world challenges.

## Sub-Teams
The CBL is recommended to do in 4 sub-teams: power electronics, micro-controller, PCB, and magnetics.

### Power Electronics
Power electronic was recommended to have between 2 and 4 members. The following members decided to join this sub-team: **Bart**, Bjorn, Luis. Where the bold written name has the card. They will be going to the MOSFET workshop.

### Micro-controller
Micro-controller was recommended to have between 2 and 3 members. The following members decided to join this sub-team: **Gabriel**, Tygo. Where the bold written name has the card. They will be going to the micro controller workshop.

### PCB
PCB was recommended to have between 2 and 3 members. The following members decided to join this sub-team: **Octavian**, and luis. Where the bold written name has the card. They will be going to the PCB workshop.

### Magnetics
Magnetics was recommended to have between 2 and 3 members. The following members decided to join this sub-team:  **Eeshsa**, Athanas, and Qian yu. Where the bold written name has the card. They will be going to the generator workshop.

## Action Points
The following people got the following action points:
- **tygo**: make a OneDrive, and a GitHub
- **Qian Yu**: make a logo for the group. This is not mandatory.
- **Luis**, **alehandro**: get things from Flux

### Group specific
| Date       | for Sub-Teams                                    | What                           | Internal or External |
|------------|--------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------|
| 2024-04-29 | all                                              | planning and architecture      | internal             |
| 2024-05-10 | [power electronics](#power-electronics)          | hand in circuit                | external             | 
| 2024-05-08 | all except [Micro-controller](#micro-controller) | specification of the signals   | external             | 
| 2024-05-17 | all except [PCB](#PCB)                           | Design review documents        | external             | 
| 2024-05-17 | [PCB](#PCB)                                      | give PCB designs               | external             | 

